Its certified that the applicant namely Its certified that the applicant namely Its certified that the applicant namely ABDUL RASHID WANI s/o AHMAD WANI
 r/o Doligam belongs to phh category and compromises 5 family members and no member of family is govt employee as per report of lumberdar and Chowkidar. Family income of applicant is 5700 per month. Hence the report is enclosed. s/o Its certified that the applicant namely ABDUL RASHID WANI s/o AHMAD WANI
 r/o Doligam belongs to phh category and compromises 5 family members and no member of family is govt employee as per report of lumberdar and Chowkidar. Family income of applicant is 5700 per month. Hence the report is enclosed. r/o Doligam belongs to phh category and compromises 5 family members and no member of family is govt employee as per report of lumberdar and Chowkidar. Family income of applicant is 5700 per month. Hence the report is enclosed. s/o Its certified that the applicant namely Its certified that the applicant namely ABDUL RASHID WANI s/o AHMAD WANI
 r/o Doligam belongs to phh category and compromises 5 family members and no member of family is govt employee as per report of lumberdar and Chowkidar. Family income of applicant is 5700 per month. Hence the report is enclosed. s/o Its certified that the applicant namely ABDUL RASHID WANI s/o AHMAD WANI
 r/o Doligam belongs to phh category and compromises 5 family members and no member of family is govt employee as per report of lumberdar and Chowkidar. Family income of applicant is 5700 per month. Hence the report is enclosed. r/o Doligam belongs to phh category and compromises 5 family members and no member of family is govt employee as per report of lumberdar and Chowkidar. Family income of applicant is 5700 per month. Hence the report is enclosed. r/o Doligam belongs to phh category and compromises 5 family members and no member of family is govt employee as per report of lumberdar and Chowkidar. Family income of applicant is 5700 per month. Hence the report is enclosed.